At Raeburn we're all
about responsible design.
We want to use design to make
a positive difference on the planet.
The Adventurer Roll Up is made
up of 80% recycled cotton.
We also have a limited run
of 300 RÆMADE Roll Ups
that actually use existing surplus material.
We're really proud to be using
1960s aeronautical navigation maps.
So the maps that we've chosen within
our fantastic collaboration together
have been chosen for a very special reason.
First, Borneo, which is unfortunately,
the site of so much deforestation.
You really see the reality of
environmental change first-hand.
Secondly, the Aral Sea
— this is a depleted desert,
Again, a real focus for the reality of climate change.
The wonderful thing about maps of course,
is they have this incredible nostalgia,
they bind us all together.
And with the Adventurer Roll Up,
we really think we've created something
that has that spirit of adventure
to enjoy of course, the products themselves,
and also to think about the life beyond.
So the way that we have designed the
Adventurer Roll Up, is very much about, first,
having these beautiful products that
you need for your everyday adventure
but then you can adapt —
you can add what you want
— and then it will continue
to evolve as you do.
And we are so proud that
with this partnership with Aesop
it's all about pushing boundaries,
and really creating an amazing,
responsible product together.